---
layout: post
title: English - Useful English Writing Material
key: English
modify_date: 2018-4-17
date: 2017-4-17
tags: Tools
comment: true
mathjax: true
---

<!--more-->

# Doctors and Patients

Under the premise of respecting the law, we should be as full of humanistic care as possible, that is, respect the patient's clear will.

Furthermore, only in a reasonable and healthy social atmosphere can we hope to witness the ideal scene in which doctors and patients can live with mutual understanding, I argue.

In summary, despite of the moral and legal problem in this case facing us, we should have the abundant confidence in our ability to address such problem. Firstly, it is imperative */ɪm'perətɪv/* that corresponding regulations be introduced. Secondly, it is high time to raise people's awareness of this grim */grɪm/* reality. With our shared efforts, it will only be a matter of time before the problem becomes things of the past.

And once it takes root in the heart of every member of this society, the fruit will be the dazzling light that dispels darkness and creates harmony */'hɑːmənɪ/*.



# PUBG

You might have seen it being called Battlegrounds, PUBG. You might have seen videos of people's chicken dinners.  What is PUBG? While the full title is PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds, most people call it PUBG or eat chicke.

The game itself is a take on the Battle Royale (or H1Z1: King of the Kill, or The Hunger Games) concept - a number of people are released onto an island, last person standing wins. To do that, you’ve got to find weapons, kill people you see, and avoid danger. Each match pits about 100 people against each other, some of which can be in teams, while others will be going it alone. Winners receive their prestigious */pre'stɪdʒəs/* ‘winner winner, chicken dinner’ title.

There’s two main tactics for winning in PUBG - go on a rampaging killing spree, or hide away until the time is right. The former will net you slightly more rewards at the end of the game, but it’s negligible. Which tactic you go for depends on your playing style and the guns you find.

Everyone starts a match without a single weapon, they’ve got to scavenge in buildings to find guns, ammo, first aid kits, and so on. If you’re lucky, you’ll find an array of weapons, typically one long-range rifle with a magnifying scope and one short-range weapon like a shotgun. This allows you to choose if you want to go hunting for other players, risking your own life more directly, or hide away and ambush someone who gets too close.

Typically, hiding is the better option - no matter how good of a shot you are, the one map that’s currently available forces players to traverse wide open areas. When making your way through this, hunting another player, it’s not uncommon to have someone turn the tables from an unseen location. Balancing the threat of this with the reward of finishing another player off is the challenge, on top of being able to shoot accurately.

On the other hand, if you’re hiding, you’ve typically got more moments of safety. As mentioned before, the game will use a field of electricity to damage players that don’t move towards certain locations. These are the times where you’re most at danger, because many other players will be doing the same thing, rushing to a safe zone.

Hiding for the entire game, only to move at the last possible moment to the safe zone, isn’t the best tactic either. Generally, what’s best is to be hiding away and using that to your advantage. Know where you might be heading towards soon, where enemies might be coming from, and where your strengths lie. Larger groups of buildings typically attract more players - if there’s one road from a group of buildings to the safe zone, you can either avoid it or use it to set up an ambush.

# Scent of a Woman

Trask: Mr. Simms, you are a cover-up artist and you are a liar.

**Frank: But not a snitch!**

Trask: Excuse me?

Frank: No, I don't think I will.

Trask: Mr. Slade

**Frank: This is such a crock of shit!**

Trask: Please watch your language, Mr. Slade; you are in the Baird School, not a barracks. Mr. Simms, I'll give you one final opportunity to speak up.



Frank: Mr. Simms doesn't want it. He doesn't need to be labeled, still worthy of being a Baird man! What the hell is that? What is your motto here? Boys, inform on your classmates, save your hide, anything short of that, we're gonna burn you at the stake? Well, gentleman, when the shit hits the fan some guys run and some guys stay, here's Charlie, facing the fire and there's George hiding in big daddy's pocket. And what are you doing? And you are gonna reward George, and destroy Charlie.

Trask: Are you finished, Mr. Slade?



Frank: No, I'm just getting warmed up! I don't know who went to this place, William Howard Taft, William Jennings Bryant, William Tell, whoever, their spirit is dead, if they ever had one. It's gone. You're building a rat ship here, a vessel for seagoing snitches. And if you think you're preparing these minnows for manhood, you better think again, because I say you're killing the very spirit this institution proclaims it instills. What a sham! What kind of a show are you guys putting on here today? I mean, the only class in this act is sitting next to me, I'm here to tell you this boy's soul is intact, it's non-negotiable, you know how I know, someone here, and I'm not gonna say who, offered to buy it, only Charlie here wasn't selling.

Trask: Sir, you're out of order.



Frank: I'll show you out of order. You don't know what out of order is, Mr. Trask, I'd show you, but I'm too old, I'm too tired, I'm too fucking blind, if I were the man I was five years ago, I'd take a flame thrower to this place! Out of order? Who the hell do you think you're talking to? I've been around, you know? There was a time I could see, and I have seen, boys like these, younger than these, their arms torn out, their legs ripped off, but there is nothing like the sight of an amputated spirit. There is no prosthetic for that, you think you're merely sending this splendid foot solider back home to Oregen with his tail between his legs, but I say you're executing his soul! And why? Because he is not a Baird man. Baird men, you hurt this boy, you're gonna be Baird bums, the lot of you. And Harry, Jimmy, and Trent, wherever you are out there, fuck you too!

Trask: Stand down, Mr. Slade!



Frank: I'm not finished. As I came in here, I heard those words: cradle of leadership. Well, when the bough breaks, the cradle will fall, and it has fallen here, it has fallen. Makers of men, creators of leaders, be careful what kind of leaders you're producin' here. I don't know if Charlie's silence here today is right or wrong, I'm not a judge or jury, but I can tell you this: he won't sell anybody out to buy his future! And that my friends is called integrity, that's called courage. Now, that's the stuff leaders should be made of. Now I have come to crossroads in my life, I always knew what the right path was. Without exception, I knew, but I never took it, you know why, it was too * hard. Now here's Charlie, he's come to the crossroads, he has chosen a path. It's the right path, it's a path made of principle that leads to character. Let him continue on his journey. You hold this boy's future in your hands, committee, it's a valuable future, believe me. Don't destroy it, protect it. Embrace it. It's gonna make you proud one day, I promise you. How's that for cornball?

